Readme.md, before:

<!-- # Ayat Project -->
<h1 align="center">Get Ayah</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img  src="./img/img.png">
</p>

<h2 align="center">This project is a simple web application that fetches and displays Ayahs from the Quran with Tafsser.</h2>

## Features

- Fetches and displays a random Ayah on page load
- Allows the user to fetch a new Ayah by clicking a button
- Fetches and displays Tafseer for the displayed Ayah
- Provides audio playback for the displayed Ayah

## How to Use

1. Open the `index.html` file in your web browser.
2. The application will automatically fetch and display an Ayah.
3. To fetch a new Ayah, click on the button labeled "ارني اية".
4. To fetch Tafseer, click on the button labeled'"تفسير ابن كثير", "التفسير الميسر" or "تفسير السعدي".

## Dependencies

This project uses the following external resources:
- [Quran API](https://alquran.cloud/api) - for fetching Ayahs and Tafseer
- [Tafssir API](https://github.com/spa5k/tafsir_api) -  for fetching Tafseer

- [amiri Quran](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Amiri+Quran?query=amir) - for displaying Ayahs
- [amiri](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Amiri?query=amir) - for displaying Tafsser

Commit message:

add copy and translate feature

Readme.md, after:

<!-- # Ayat Project -->
<h1 align="center">Get Ayah</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img  src="./img/img.png">
</p>

<h2 align="center">This project is a simple web application that fetches and displays Ayahs from the Quran with Tafsser.</h2>

## Features

- Fetches and displays a random Ayah on page load
- Allows the user to fetch a new Ayah by clicking a button
- Fetches and displays Tafseer for the displayed Ayah
- Provides audio playback for the displayed Ayah
- provides copy button to copy Ayah and its tafsit to make sharing easier
- add button to translate Ayah to english

## How to Use

1. Open the `index.html` file in your web browser.
2. The application will automatically fetch and display an Ayah.
3. To fetch a new Ayah, click on the button labeled "ارني اية".
4. To fetch Tafseer, click on the button labeled'"تفسير ابن كثير", "التفسير الميسر" or "تفسير السعدي".
## Dependencies

This project uses the following external resources:
- [Quran API](https://alquran.cloud/api) - for fetching Ayahs and Tafseer
- [Tafssir API](https://github.com/spa5k/tafsir_api) -  for fetching Tafseer

- [amiri Quran](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Amiri+Quran?query=amir) - for displaying Ayahs
- [amiri](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Amiri?query=amir) - for displaying Tafsser
